it
in July
this protest is still
shout
both hands
nature had to interrupt
it was announced by the organizers
much slower question and never
appeared
badly
by virtue of
thereafter
will not be
all acts on 34 thousand homes
I think that the United States
well well
how so
a crisis
his successor
why by this
why now his words
now earlier
happened
without really thinking twice
because
but no matter how dock
picture of Chechnya
it was not necessary for a long time
all clear
nothing is easier
it will come
Perm program was approved
natures were forced to
break an assist combination she is wounded
to head pl
the blast wave knocked out the portholes in
multinational he